Flutter is an open-source UI software development kit created by Google. 
It is used to develop cross platform applications from a single codebase for any web browser, Fuchsia, Android, iOS, Linux, macOS, and Windows.
First described in 2015, Flutter was released in May 2017.

Dart is a programming language designed by Lars Bak and Kasper Lund and developed by Google.
 It can be used to develop web and mobile apps as well as server and desktop applications. 
Dart is an object-oriented, class-based, garbage-collected language with C-style syntax. Wikipedia
Designed by: Lars Bak, Kasper Lund
Developer: Google
Filename extensions: dart
First appeared: October 10, 2011; 12 years ago
License: BSD
Paradigm: Multi-paradigm: functional, imperative, object-oriented, reflective


Features of Flutter
Flutter framework offers the following features to developers −

Modern and reactive framework.

Uses Dart programming language and it is very easy to learn.

Fast development.

Beautiful and fluid user interfaces.

Huge widget catalog.

Runs same UI for multiple platforms.

High performance application.


Advantages of Flutter
Flutter comes with beautiful and customizable widgets for high performance and outstanding mobile application. 
It fulfills all the custom needs and requirements. Besides these, Flutter offers many more advantages as mentioned below −

Dart has a large repository of software packages which lets you to extend the capabilities of your application.

Developers need to write just a single code base for both applications (both Android and iOS platforms).
 Flutter may to be extended to other platform as well in the future.

Flutter needs lesser testing. Because of its single code base, 
it is sufficient if we write automated tests once for both the platforms.

Flutter’s simplicity makes it a good candidate for fast development. 
Its customization capability and extendibility makes it even more powerful.

With Flutter, developers has full control over the widgets and its layout.

Flutter offers great developer tools, with amazing hot reload.

Disadvantages of Flutter
Despite its many advantages, flutter has the following drawbacks in it −

Since it is coded in Dart language, a developer needs to learn new language (though it is easy to learn).

Modern framework tries to separate logic and UI as much as possible but, 
in Flutter, user interface and logic is intermixed.
We can overcome this using smart coding and using high level module to separate user interface and logic.

Flutter is yet another framework to create mobile application. 
 	Developers are having a hard time in choosing the right development tools in hugely populated segment.